what's happening tomorrow night will be
glorious you see guys it's a sad day
here at universe because American Horror
Story cult is over we're gonna break
down the season finale great again but
is the show great again
get it create again cut it out
good the show great again guys if you
want Ryan and stop making these horrible
jokes do us a favor and hit that
subscribe button so you don't miss out
on any of our other TV breakdowns and
movie reviews this week we're talking
about Justice League which is actually
worth seeing seriously go see guys
before we break down the season finale
we wanted to shout out all you guys at
home who've been following along all
season long with us and joining us in
the comments yes we pulled out all the
best final predictions for the season
finale right here starting with Bobby
Lilly
thank you for the comment Ali will
distribute the kool-aid to the denim men
with their manwiches
and do-over with the arsenic Kai will be
a special kill which we got to see some
more of that kool-aid being distributed
but regardless
yes Kai was killed in a very special way
at the end there lynnie L says Ali is
probably going to torture Kai before she
kills him as payback and I gotta say the
bedroom with the dead bodies is going to
get pretty crowded I'm so bummed that
it's almost over so when the FBI goes in
the house and sees that family bedroom
what do you think they their first
reaction is Eevee the muse Kay you see I
or maybe Kushi writes when is someone
gonna admit that REO Speedwagon is the
kid's dad what what hmm no way right
Kalani Landgraf says I agree that Kai
will get a Caesar style execution but
here's another idea we time jump at the
very end to see an older Ossie leading
the cult now that would have been cool
yeah maybe in 10 years we get American
Horror Story 17 and in Aussies leading
the cult what do you think
I think Ozzy comes back honestly in a
few songs in the connect yeah he'll be
connected to some new show down the road
you can see it all so guys let us know
if there are any other topics or
features that you want us to cover in
the future on American Horror Story
yeah please hit us up in the
comments we're open to any ideas
American Horror Story related but it
cannot have any clowns in it because
Greg is still dealing with that fear of
clowns which which that's not scare him
please thank you okay let's jump into
the episode first of all we get a
flash-forward to 2018 kai is in prison
right there at that moment I thought
okay great everyone's dead he killed
everybody off maybe and you know he's
just like you know he's in prison he's
the only survivor yeah for a second
there I thought the same thing like it's
a clean slate like what happened
everyone else and we quickly see Kai and
how much power he has over other inmates
in prison yeah he's not just befriending
them cuz he wants more friends he's
using them for his own gain and you
eventually get the sense that he's going
to make his escape at some point yeah
there's a payoff to this the reason
we're introduced to this new character
Trevor having nowhere it just it's a
payoff for the very end it was pretty
cool yeah do you swear to vote yourself
fully to me and my cause and to never
question me yes I'm [ __ ] to swear it
good also we learned some more about
Speedwagon one of our favorite members
of Kai's cult he had a wiretap on him
the entire time he was working with the
state police because of Detective
Samuels being a dirty cop and they're
trying to get more info on him what'd
you think about that whole storyline do
we need do we need this I don't know if
we even needed this character at the
very end so she killed Speedwagon and
I'm like okay she's a devote follower
yes in it she's in it to win it this is
it yeah no that's not the case
go now so my whole problem with this was
did she really need to kill Speedwagon
yes I get that she wanted the FBI's case
to not get interrupted and interfered
with by the State Police because then
she loses immunity but do you need to
kill Speedwagon and if so the feds are
watching you you can't just kill him
like just turn him in didn't rat it
about Takai right yeah and there and now
yeah he probably would I ran that's the
thing she was worried about if she had
him in the car but murder
yeah alley increasingly confuses me
with with some of her her choices I mean
to go from you know wanting to get out
of there with her son and that's the
only motive she has to like murdering
multiple people and there's so many on
every level yeah compared to just grab
your son and then tell the FBI what's
going on and just end it there exactly I
guess that's one of the main reasons why
you and I thought that she was had been
flipped and literally was a devoted you
know cult follower of Kies so back in
present time in Ali's life she
everything looks really good she is a
celebrity chef and restaurant owner
didn't yet didn't even have to go on Top
Chef she is well-known people are asking
for her photo when they come in to eat
at her restaurant
everything seems all good all the dead
bodies in that restaurant you know it's
still in business sure okay let's let's
just continue on now yeah let's check
those Yelp reviews and out in that
restaurant I mean they make good coffee
but dead bodies in some of the rooms I
wish that there's a senior Chi puts a
yelp review in there great can I take a
picture with you I read about what you
had to go through escaping from that
cult I think you're one of the most
inspiring women
well that is very firing thank you and
Ali's dating another chef okay sure
write that in there yeah Erica and Erica
is extremely concerned a little bit
weird she's how concerned she is about
Ozzy's birthday
we need to finalize Ozzy's birthday
party I know it's Saturday it's a force
line mm-hmm but it's you got you need
one line to explain everything you don't
have so much time it's the finale you
got to get it in there as soon as
possible and that was the way to do it
but the birthday party looked fun yes
and then Ali gets interrupted by a
collect call from none other than Kai
from prison oh man I love that call just
because of the just be acting okay yeah
plus he's pissed pissed acting is like
he took a line from Mel Gibson yep
daddy's home he's officially back okay
sure and the reason why Kai is so pissed
off in that phone call he just found out
that he is not the father you are not
and next up we got a tiny little Easter
egg when Ali turns down an interview
with Lana winters she is a feminist icon
tell her please if she turned down Lana
winters why would she talk to a Rachel
[ __ ] meadow that proves that this
season is connected to other seasons of
American Horror Story Lana winters of
course was the journalist in season 2
asylum she survived bloody face at
Briarcliff Manor and wrote a tell-all
book about it she was one of the only
characters in the anthology series with
an actual happy ending yeah and she also
popped up in roanoke from one of my
favorite seasons next to Murder House at
the very end she interviewed Lee the
lone survivor of that season
now of course asylum took place in 1964
so Lana winters would be much older in
present-day an American Horror Story
cult like she was in Roanoke disease
earlier she'd be more of a Oprah Winfrey
Barbara Walters interview
interviewer trying to get as many
interviews with you know significant
important people that would been really
cool to see her interview Ali in this
season Sarah Paulson interviewing Sarah
Paulson I think they I feel like they
would have done that and maybe they just
didn't have enough time to do it because
I really feel like that's a good
opportunity right there but I like that
every season finale should have a lot of
winters in there yeah just in
interviewing whoever survives Lana
winters gets to interview the survivor
was your idea to cut off his face let's
get to it you clearly know your way
around the deli meats I've struggled
with my food choices
okay next KY fakes his death in a
not-so-subtle Silence of the Lambs
callback it has a tear his face off yeah
that's in the movies but I honestly
thought that he's gonna put a guards
face on his honest on his own face and
they're gonna do all Hannibal Lecter on
us thank God they didn't ok so Beverly
gives Allie the news that ty has been
killed okay Greg I have a problem with
this a huge problem oh boy how can they
confirm Kai's death without dental
records fingerprints blood type of what
because the guy had the same tattoos in
his
shaved head and that's a fresh tattoo by
the way he's just got that those are
fresh too great point great feeling
you cannot confirm a man's death based
on those details so now the timeline
gets a little fuzzy for me only because
when Chi goes in prison they had to have
had the plans already set up for how
they're gonna take care of him down the
road if he's gonna break out so what was
the point of that scene where she tells
him like he's dead if they already know
that he's probably not dead means coming
after her
right so that this is all oh that was BS
all that all that he's dead think they
had planned this out probably
immediately when he got into jail into
prison mm-hmm we got the flashbacks of
Ally meeting with Gloria the prison
guard and when Beverly was at her lowest
point ally turned her into the to join
up and plan this that was a day she told
everything she had the rate to happen
right yes so yeah the endgame was pretty
far fetched and pretty drawn-out but
Ally could have killed Kai two episodes
ago right but by waiting and letting her
him come after her she not only she took
the opportunity to use this for her
Senate run so now Kai is dead he's no
longer in the picture yes and number two
she is now senator of Michigan yeah so
she kind of maybe got this idea back at
the shooting yes meadow with meadow yeah
so the first assassination attempt she
probably got the idea there to use that
to help her campaign we just proves that
Ally really learned a whole bunch from
KY yep like she just soaked up
everything that he was preaching and was
basically a whole lot smarter than him
at his own game you were
there is something more dangerous in
this world than a humiliated man a nasty
one finally we get a nice little scene
with Ozzy as Ali tucks him in the bed
yeah she gives him twist see the clown
will get one final little like clown
moment for everybody else out there who
likes that and after that she looks into
the mirror she puts the cloak on she's
revealed to be a scum leader
good job Ali okay let's look at our
favorite lines Ryan what do you got mine
I there's a lot of good choices here but
I had to go with the line about Lana
winters and Rachel Maddow if she turned
down Lana winters why would she talk to
a Rachel [ __ ] meadow I just thought
it was a fun way to connect some of the
other seasons a small little Easter egg
wasn't a huge deal but a fun way to kind
of make a call back to another season I
liked it what was your favorite I got
this one I really didn't fit the profile
a black woman in a cult of angry white
nationalists they thought you were an
unwilling victim now the second she said
that line I couldn't help but think of
this
[Applause]
Oh Beverly all right what do you got
who's your winner of this episode now a
lot of people would think that I'm gonna
say Allie but you know what alleys semi
winner but my winner is Valerie Solanas
and Beebe babbit they accomplished
exactly what they were going for right I
mean Ali was just the instrument to get
their word spread and incite the female
rage from within now she's in a position
of extreme power who knows what will
happen five 10 years from now with Ali
she seems to be unstoppable at this
point she has a large social following
she's like a celebrity in a lot of
people's minds
so they're my winners when we come back
to this and a few seasons from now she's
probably gonna be the governor or
something
she'll be President one day oh she's
gonna be President okay Ali's going go
her way up here she's gonna be President
Beverly survive somehow some way yeah
they have a final girl scene where
you're thinking okay this is is this her
out this house she goes out in the very
end yeah nope
liked it I really thought that was
pretty cool well done okay let's talk
about some final thoughts for the season
overall of American Horror Story cult
what did you think as a season
so this season's gonna take some time to
really mesh with a lot of people yeah
just this last couple of months has been
rife with toxic masculinity yeah for
better or worse this show really echoed
real-world events yeah
constantly kind of scary kind of scary
how much it is so it's exhausting for a
lot of people at points there's no point
of disassociation from other seasons
like we had in like Murder House there's
no ghost I mean you have there like
Charles Manson scenes but that's again
that's all from adderal and in his head
it's not the same so it's gonna take
some time I think this season years from
now people are really gonna love it I
think just right now it's just tough
that's a tough pill to swallow I agree
with you yeah it's hard to be
entertained by some of this stuff when
in the news you a lot of similar things
are being echoed in the news on a
day-to-day basis personally I enjoy more
of the American horror stories when
there are the supernatural elements
there is that the haunted
or the serial killers when it's not so
real-world said in the real world it was
enjoyable I had fun talking about it
with you I don't know if it's on the
higher end of American Horror Story
seasons on my end you really should go
back and watch Roanoke because that
point I believe is so wild and crazy and
it's a lot of people don't like it I
love it just because of just how just
insane they go with the characters and
they do take it from this real-life
perspective too but this one puts into
overdrive
[Music]
guys we're gonna rewatch some of the
other seasons because we still want to
talk about American Horror Story what is
your favorite season of American Horror
Story what did you guys think about this
season did you enjoy it
were you surprised were you pissed off
let us know in the comments below if you
have any questions for Greg and I hit us
up on Twitter as well
Greg's is Murder House I like to sell
them but let us know in the comments
below what you guys thought of this
season where it ranks with everything
else okay
see you guys soon love you